[AGM-1813] Create 'Solving Problems' section on AdGuard for Safari (#416)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-safari/solving-problems/private-sonoma.md

---
title: Doesn't work in private tabs on macOS Sonoma
sidebar_position: 5
---

:::info

This article is about AdGuard for Safari, which safeguards only your Safari browser. To protect your entire device, [download the AdGuard app](https://agrd.io/download-kb-adblock)

:::

## AdGuard for Safari doesn't work in private tabs on macOS Sonoma

### How to fix

 1. Open Safari.
 2. Click *Safari* in the left upper corner menu.
 3. Click *Settings…* → ‘Extensions’ tab

>  4. Uncheck "Allow in private browsing" checkboxes for all 6 AdGuard content blockers.

Reviewer: Скрин бы

Author: поправил

---

> title: Doesn't work in private tabs on macOS Sonoma

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: AdGuard for Safari doesn’t work in private tabs on macOS Sonoma
```

sidebar_position: 5
---

:::info

This article is about AdGuard for Safari, which safeguards only your Safari browser. To protect your entire device, [download the AdGuard app](https://agrd.io/download-kb-adblock)

:::

> ## AdGuard for Safari doesn't work in private tabs on macOS Sonoma

Reviewer 2: ну и тут тот же коммент

Author: тут тоже, думал типа по-развернутее, но убрал

### How to fix

 1. Open Safari.
 2. Click *Safari* in the left upper corner menu.

>  3. Click *Settings…* → *Extensions* tab.

Author: опять же лучше с tab на мой взгляд

>  4. Check "Allow in private browsing" checkboxes for all AdGuard extensions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 4. Check *Allow in Private Browsing* for all AdGuard extensions.
```

Reviewer 2: хочется тут тоже логического завершения какого-то, но не обязательно
